feat(checks): Show check explanation for comparison reports (#3091)
probabl-ai/skore: sphinx/user_guide/automated_checks.rst

reported only when it appears in a strict majority of evaluated splits.

For comparison reports, :meth:`~skore.ComparisonReport.checks.summarize` builds a global

> summary from each component report in the comparison. Results are grouped by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary from each compared report. Results are grouped by
```
